# CS305-Software-Security
SNHU
Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
Artemis Financial is a company that deals with financial information for clients. This client is looking to modernize their company by creating a secure website that can handle all their users need while being confident in the sites ability to prevent attacks. Their overall issue was to find security issues in their software and then make note of them and fix the issues. In the notes they wanted to write down what the issue was and what would fix and prevent this issue from coming up again.

What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?
When going through the client’s software what I did particularly well was first taking my time and attention to detail in finding each security vulnerability preventing any from slipping through. After the issues were found I created good notes that helped keep track of the issues and recommended fixes for each of the issues. This was accomplished by using the Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow chart which helped me to keep track of each step and verify that no part of the security diagram was missed. After finding issues it shows the importance of coding securely as unsecure code provides areas for attacks to creep in. The value of software security should not be overlooked by a company and its overall wellbeing due to the catastrophic consequences that can happen when overlooked. For example, regarding this client unsecure software could result in users’ information being stolen, the website being hacked, and the loss of money to both the user and the company.

What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
The most challenging part of the assessment was to find all the vulnerabilities present in the code. This was due to trying to recognize issues between nonissues. It was easy to be sidetracked on what seemed like an issue that resulted into something that was normal. This issue can be fixed in future projects by being more experienced in finding these issues and should be more experienced in filtering through chunks of code. 

How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
Increasing layers of security started with recognizing issues and then fixing them, from there it was just making sure proper security practices are being used and then to make sure timely updates are done. Moving forward I would make sure to use the Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow chart which will help guide me through the code. Then I can decide which mitigation technique to use. Its also important to use online resources to help implement into the software to check for updates and security issues such as the OWASP dependency check. 

How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
To ensure the code and software application were functional and secure I first review the to look for obvious issues before implementing other tools. After that other forms of testing were used such as the Unit testing inside the code that checked to ensure the code ran properly. The IDE was also able to check for issues in the code and give me a point where the issues were located. After making changes to the code, I reran the dependency check and compared before and after results to see if new vulnerabilities were introduced.

What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
The OWASP dependency test was a crucial tool used in finding issues in these assignments which I will use moving forward due to there ease of use and its ability to find issues. Using proper coding practices will also help to ensure my code runs properly and efficiently which should prevent security vulnerabilities form being created.

Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
Using the assignment, I worked on helped me to showcase my work by showing how I am able to identify security issues using tools and other testing skills. These assignments also show my ability to use resources on the internet and implement them into my code to check for security issues, fix them and then retest to see if changes created more issues. Overall, the assignment shows my understanding in finding, fixing and mitigating current and future security vulnerabilities inside of software.
